Good morning,everyone. It is really my honor to have this opportunity for an interview. I hope I can make a good performance today. Now I will introduce myself briefly. 
My name is lixue, 29 years old, born in liaoning province. I graduated from dalian gongye university. My major is food science  And I got my master degree after my graduation in the year of 2015. i have got cet 6. my graduate project is the study of a-galactosidase. Although I am a food professional, my research field is in the field of bioengineering.
 
After graduation, my first job was at bit.My job is to search the information of experts, and store them in a company's database in a standard format, and invite them to take part in the meeting and give speech.i usually  communicated with them by emails.
When I was working at BIT, I learned the skills of communicating with foreigners, the Method of Retrieving Information.it also can be used in Future job.at the same time;My English has also been improved.
Then, My second job, which is also my current job, is at Pharmeyes Health¡£I participated in the launch of the Berliner project, including analysis of customer needs, business data flow design, IT system design, and IT system testing.
After the project went on line, i use IT systems, Excel and databases to collect data and standardize the data. I will generate the final deliverables and send them to the customer. I usually keep in touch with my customers by WeChat or phone to answer questions about deliverables.
When I worked in Pharmeyes Health, I learned how to do demand analysis¡¢how to use Excel and database and how to communicate with people efficiently ¡£The most important point is that you must be careful and pay attention to details when you learn to do things.
 
I'm a fast learner, smart and hard worker.  I will quickly learn the skills needed for a new job and get started as soon as possible. In addition, I will take the initiative to learn some skills to improve my work efficiency. For example, I have self-learned the database (mysql) in my current work, so that some work can be automated.
At the same time, I am a serious and responsible person, and I am cautious about my work. If I have the opportunity to join Quintiles, I will try my best to learn business knowledge, master my work skills, and become a qualified employee in the shortest time. At the same time, in the future work, I will continue to work hard to learn English and make my own spoken English. Improve your hearing and use it better. I hope to give me this opportunity.